Use P1 for Command-Line Argument Example (#190)
eecs280staff/tutorials: docs/setup_gdb.md

First, edit your `Makefile` and add the `CXXFLAGS` recommended by the [ASAN Quick Start](setup_asan.html#quick-start).

> ### Command-Line Arguments

Reviewer: Do you think that adding "Options" will help avoid confusion when they are used in the future?

```suggestion
### Command-Line Arguments and Options
```

> Inputs to a program may be provided when it is initailly run via command-line arguments. Here's an example from EECS 280 Project 1:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inputs to a program may be provided when it is initially run via command-line arguments or options. Here's an example from EECS 280 Project 1:
```
